After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/lpomazal/CSE341

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning.
I believe the full project is working, I am not fully sure how to test it but it looks like what we did for the team application, 
except I wasn't fully sure what to put in the controller folder, so it probably isn't working completly now that I think about it.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

my Controller folder is blank so probably that. 

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

I thought the API contract was interesting. I am not a huge fan of notation within my code (while I understand it's importance)
the contract feels like a really elegant way communicate any essential information, without having parse through code and 
take extra time. 

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?

I do better with examples that are in video, I record all of our group zooms so that I can rewatch them, it helps quite a bit but having 
an offical instruction i find super helpful. 

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment: 3.5-4
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I belive I have everything within the code that I need. But as usual I am more focused on understanding concepts
then I am with adding extra bits, hopefully I will understand it more someday so that I can make it more fancy.